1. Keep your arms busy
Moving your arms allows you to direct your audience's attention to where you want it to be.
For example, you could be pointing at your presentation, or holding a object that pertains to your 
main topic. In any case, your arms are vital tools you can use to your advantage.

It's okay to keep your arms down at your sides when you absolutely have to, but if you find yourself not using them
enough, here are some tips to help you out: 
    1. Make a slides presentation or poster. Making a presentation or poster gives you a physical object to point at.
    You can point to important points on your presentation while speaking to emphasize them.
    2. Use your fingers to depict numbers. If you are talking about a number below 5, hold up the correct number
    of fingers.
    3. Show your hands. If you're at a podium, either gesture with your hands or lightly rest them on the top. 
    If you're right in front of the audience, make sure not to hold your hands behind your back. 

2. Stand straight or walk around the room
Walking or standing straight make you look taller and more formal, especially compared to leaning or slouching.
Bad posture is extremely easy to detect and can have negative impacts on your presentation.

Once learned, keeping good posture is extremely easy to maintain. Here are some tips to help you out:
    1. Practice stading straight for the duration of your presentation. For this excercise, stand up with your back straight,
    but don't talk. Just focus on keeping your body as straight as possible. After you are comfortable with that, practice your presentation
    like normal and use Posture Buddy to see if you are still leaning.
    2. Relax! People tend to lean from side to side when they are tensed or feel presured. Take a couple of deep breaths before your presentation and
    speak slowly.

3. Move your hands away from each other
Fidgeting is a very common indicator of fear or stage fright. Most of the time, people don't even realize they are fidgeting with 
their hands until it is too late. However, once caught, fidgeting is a really easy habit to correct.

Here are some tips to help you to correct fidgeting:
    1. Concentrate on keeping your hands apart. While practicing, make it your tope priority to keep your hands at least body width apart.
    This way, your hands don't have an opportunity to fidget with each other.
    2. Relax! Take a couple deep breaths before presenting. Don't focus on the people looking at you. Instead, focus on your presentation 
    and think about keeping your hands apart from each other.
    3. Incorporate hand gestures into your presentation. The busier your hands are, the less chance your hands have at fidgeting. Keep those hands busy!

4. Make your audience your top priority
Many times, people spend too much time looking at their presentation and fail to acknowledge their audience. Your audience will feel more welcomed and therefore 
more inclined to agree with your points. Here are a couple tips to help you look at your audience more.
    1. Don't be afraid of your audience. Remember, the audience won't throw tomatoes at you if you make a mistake. The people in your audience are interested in what you 
    have to say and are more likely to suport you rather than boo you. 
    2. Your presentation is not the audience. Its very common for presenters to look at their slides and read directly off them, forgetting to
    look at their audience. To combat this, try to memorize your speech or prepare notecards beforehand so that you can look at your audience more.
    3. Your webcam is your audience. During virtual presentations, many people get confused because they are not presenting in
    front of a live audience. To combat this, keep in mind that your camera is your audiece's eyes. They can't look at you in any other way.

5. Walk around or stand tall  
Crossed legs are extremely visible to your andience and divert your audience's attention away from your presentation. In addition, you could also 
lose your balance and trip on stage. Here are some tips to help you stop crossing your legs:
    1. Practice standing tall without speaking. Spend a couple minutes concentrating on keeping your legs as straight as possible. After you 
    feel comfortable with yourself, present like normal and use Posture Buddy to see if you are still crossing your legs.
    2. Walk around. By moving around, you are giving your legs something to do, lowering the chances of them crossing. Make sure to keep eye contact with 
    your audience while walking!

6. Move your arms around
Crossing your arms gives your audience a negative connotation of you and your presentation, making them much less likely to agree with your opinion.
Many times, crossing your arms usually stems from not using your hands during your presentation. Heres how you can fix that:
    1. Incorporate hand gestures into your presentation. Doing this keeps your hands busy and therefore lowers your chances of crossing them
    during your presentation.
    2. Use a physical presentation medium. By using something like a poster or a projected Google Slides presentation, you have something to point to
    during your presentation. This also lowers your chances of corssing your arms.
